# DeywuroApp

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 14.2.7.

## Development server

- Run `npm install` to install all dependencies and packages base on the [package.json](./package.json) file. 
- Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.

## Application Structure

Angular is used for creating single-page applications and so is this one. With routing, the application is rendered as multi-page in the browser.

Since this Deywuro is a complex application, it's been broken down into modules, Namely;  
### 1. App-module:  
[app-module](./src/app/app.module.ts) is for the root configuation and component of the application. 
[Read more](./src/app/README.md)

### 2. Shared-features:
[shared-features-module](./src/app/shared-features/shared-features.module.ts) is for reusable components that are used in other modules
[Read more](./src/app/shared-features/README.md)

### 3. Material-module:
[matreial-module](./src/app/material-module/material-module.module.ts) is for configuring and managing all angular-material components, style, etc that is used in any part of the application. 
[Read more](./src/app/material-module/README.md)

### 4. Client-app
Client app is a module is for users who sign up as Client.
[Read more](./src/app/client-app/README.md)
 

#### Note that, every component have the following files:
- xxxx.html (_component template_)
- xxxx.css (_component style_)
- xxxx.ts (_component model and controller_)
- xxxx.specs.ts (_component unit tester_)

    **All services have xxxx.service.ts(_model and controller_) and xxxx.specs.ts(_unit-tester_)**

## Directory Structure

**.angular** (contains angular configuration files)  
**node_modules** (contains dependency packages for development)  
**src** (contains all source files for the application. The **main** files are: _custom-theme.scss_, _index.html_, _main.ts_, _polyfills.ts_, _styles.css_ and _test.ts_)

## Subdirectories

**src/**

**app**: Contains application root source files (.ts, .html, .css)  
**assets**: Contains static files (images, etc) for the application  
**environment**: Generated by Angular CLI. Contains application environment configs
